docs(mTLS): Terminology update for mTLS (#7479)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/oauth/con-oauth-authentication-broker.adoc

== OAuth 2.0 authentication configuration in the Kafka cluster

> To use OAuth 2.0 authentication in the Kafka cluster, you specify, for example, a mutual `tls` listener configuration for your Kafka cluster custom resource with the authentication method `oauth`:

Author: Removed the _mutual_
The names are used throughout this section, so leaving out of the PR

      #...
----

> You can configure `plain`, `tls`, and `external` listeners.
> We recommend not using `plain` listeners or `external` listeners without TLS encryption enabled.

Reviewer: This seems outdated as we do not have _`plain`, `tls`, and `external` listeners_ anymore. Maybe we could use this?

```suggestion
You can configure OAuth 2.0 authentication in your listeners.
We recommend using OAuth 2.0 authentication together with TLS encryption (`tls: true`).
```
